devcomquickwins: Add custom domain for images example (#5471)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/examples/images-workers.md

---
type: example
summary: Set up custom domain for Images using a Worker or serve images using a prefix path and Cloudflare registered domain.
tags:
  - Images
  - Workers
pcx_content_type: configuration
title: Custom Domain with Images
weight: 1001
layout: example
---

> To serve images from a custom domain, you can create Worker like the example below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To serve images from a custom domain:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com).
2. Select you account > select **Workers**.
3. Select **Create a service**.
4. In your Workers, select **Quick edit** and paste the following code.
```

{{<tabs labels="js/esm | ts/esm">}}
{{<tab label="js/esm" default="true">}}

> ```js

Reviewer: Making sure that this spacing is intentional?  Should there be another space between 16 and 17?

Author: This is fine, adding a space between the tab and the code block doesn't change the way it displays the code block.

export default {
	async fetch(request) {
		// You can find this in the dashboard, it should look something like this: ZWd9g1K7eljCn_KDTu_MWA
		const accountHash = '';

		const { pathname } = new URL(request.url);

		// A request to something like cdn.example.com/83eb7b2-5392-4565-b69e-aff66acddd00/public
		// will fetch "https://imagedelivery.net/<accountHash>/83eb7b2-5392-4565-b69e-aff66acddd00/public"

		return new Response(`https://imagedelivery.net/${accountHash}${pathname}`);
	}
};
```
{{</tab>}}
{{<tab label="ts/esm">}}

> ```ts

Reviewer: Same comment as above.

export default {
	async fetch(request: Request) {
		// You can find this in the dashboard, it should look something like this: ZWd9g1K7eljCn_KDTu_MWA
		const accountHash = '';

		const { pathname } = new URL(request.url);

		// A request to something like cdn.example.com/83eb7b2-5392-4565-b69e-aff66acddd00/public
		// will fetch "https://imagedelivery.net/<accountHash>/83eb7b2-5392-4565-b69e-aff66acddd00/public"

		return new Response(`https://imagedelivery.net/${accountHash}${pathname}`);
	}
};
```

> {{</tab>}}

Reviewer: Same comment as above.

{{</tabs>}}

> Another way you can serve images from a custom domain is by using the `cdn-cgi/imagedelivery` prefix path which is used as path to trigger cdn-cgi image proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another way you can serve images from a custom domain is by using the `cdn-cgi/imagedelivery` prefix path which is used as path to trigger `cdn-cgi` image proxy.
```

> Here's an example, the hostname is a Cloudflare proxied domain under the same account as the Image, followed with the prefix path and the image `<ACCOUNT_HASH>`, `<IMAGE_ID>` and `<VARIANT_NAME>` which can be found in the Images dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example showing the hostname as a Cloudflare proxied domain under the same account as the Image, followed with the prefix path and the image `<ACCOUNT_HASH>`, `<IMAGE_ID>` and `<VARIANT_NAME>` which can be found in the **Images** on the Cloudflare dashboard.
```
